pHKondo quick guide

Add condo(s) -> New condo 
Enter condo details

Go to Accounting Periods
Add accounting period -> New Accounting Period
* Accounting Period is used to setup your management period, it can be whatever period you want not necessary a year.
Accounting Period time interval ( start date , end date ) it's used to control some features:
- Account Balance by accounting period, Budgets ...
- Reports for Balance , Income , Expenses, In Debt, Fees Maps
* IMPORTANT: Some data are presented and grouped by active accounting period, to see data from other accounting period you must activate.

Go back to condo details
Go to Properties 
Add properties -> New Property
Enter Property Details

Inside Property Go to Owners
Add owners -> New Owner
Or use Insert Owner to search for owners already on your database

Go back to condo details
Go to Administrators
Add administrators -> Add Administrator
* Administrator is the owner(s) selected to be a direct link ( Representative ) between the Condo management company/service and all the owners in condo matters.


Go back to condo details and manage bank or internal accounting
Go to Accounts
Add account -> New Account
Enter Account Details

Inside Account Go to Movements
Add account movements -> New Movement
* Every movement must belong to the active accounting period
* For every accounting period you must create the first and last movement described below, this will allow pHKondo to make account reports based on accounting period.
* The first movement should be:
Initial amount for opening balance
Choose Opening / Closing on Category
Choose Opening Balance on Movement Operation
Movement type: Credit if open balance is 0 or superior, Debit if open balance is < 0 
* At the end of Accounting Period must close account movements, a last movement is required:
For this last movement: ( Closing accounting period )
Choose Opening / Closing on Category
Chosse Closing Balance on Movement Operation

Go back to condo details
Go to Budgets
Add budgets -> New Budget
Set your budgets, setup Amount, Reserve Fund (%), Begin Date, Fees, Fee Periodicity, Fee Distribution and Due Days.
This fields will be the used for automatic fee creation based on budget details.
Put your budget on active status.
Go to Create Fees for automatic feed 


... Some important rules 
Receipt must be in waiting payment status to be allowed to set it as paid.
Receipt must be in pending status to be allowed to set it as canceled.
Fees are not allowed to be edited ou deleted when associated with receipt. ( Remove association before edit )
Budget must be in pending status to be allowed to be deleted.
Budget can not be deleted with associated paid fees.
Properties can not be deleted with associated fees.
Other tables with associated records can not be deleted.

.. After this you can explore ...
Go to Receipts to create documents for income payments with receipts
Go to Invoice Conference to manage debts and suppliers payments
Go to Maintenances to manage maintenance schedules
Go to Insurances to manage condo and property insurances
Go to Documents to manage documents
Go to Reports for Balance , Income , Expenses, In Debt, Fees Maps, Contact Lists ...
Go to Drafts to make some document drafts you may require...
And other features pHKondo may have.

FINAL NOTE:
If you are looking to other features pHKondo may not have available and you wish to acquire, feel free to contact us at contact@phalkaline.eu
